Remove public facing and CI references to 32 bit linux support. (#8423)
numba/numba: docs/source/user/installing.rst

installed system-wide on Linux.

Installing on Linux ARMv8 (AArch64) Platforms
---------------------------------------------

We build and test conda packages on the `NVIDIA Jetson TX2
<https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/autonomous-machines/embedded-systems-dev-kits-modules/>`_,
but they are likely to work for other AArch64 platforms.  (Note that while the

> Raspberry Pi CPU is 64-bit, depending on configuration Raspbian may be running
> it in 32-bit mode).

Reviewer: The 64-bit RPi OS is "Raspberry Pi OS" (and Raspbian was the 32-bit version, which was also renamed to Raspberry Pi OS). Only certain models are 64-bit. Perhaps the following specifies the situation a little more clearly:

```suggestion
CPUs in the Raspberry Pi 3, 4, and Zero 2 W are 64-bit, Raspberry Pi OS may be
running in 32-bit mode depending on the OS image in use.
```

Author: Thanks, added this in 0368ef5, think the suggestion above is missing a `)` on the end, so have added that in too.
